# Meeting 1
## Upson 165, Friday, Aug 31, 11:15am-12:05 pm
### Attendance
Everybody but Natan.

### Minutes
* Start team contract
* New team member! Hi Gururaj!
* Team contract revision
* Gururaj leaves group :(
* Finish contract and sign it.

# Meeting 2
## Phillips Lab, Wednesday, Sep 5, 7:30-10:30 pm
### Attendance
everyone
### Agenda
* Website
  * Pick a theme
  * Decide on bio's?
* Github setup for code sharing

### Minutes
* Chose a Bootstrap theme.
* Also started working on Milestone 1.

# Meeting 3
## Friday Sep 7, 11:15-12:05, UPS 146

### Attendance
everyone

### Minutes

* Bootstrap theme chosen
* new repo for new website made
* update profile pictures
* wrote bios
* finished lab

# Meeting 4
## Wednesday, 9/12/18, Phillips 3400 Lab, 7:30-10:30 pm

### Attendance
everyone

### Minutes

* Choose wires
  * red - power
  * black - ground
* Work on milestone 1
  * line following
  * new motors
  * figure 8
  * new power source changes
  
# Meeting 5
## Date: Friday September 14, 11:15-12:05, UPS 146
### Attendance
Everyone
### Minutes
* Website details
  * customized backgrounds and pictures
  * compressed cover images
  * centralized meeting minutes
* Lab 2
  * prelab
  * split teams
    * Audio Team: Natan, Siming, and Marcela
    * Optical Team: Zoe and Michael
* looked up puns for website

# Meeting 6
## Date: Wednesday Sept. 19, Phillips 3400 Lab, 7:30-10:30 pm 
### Attendance
Everyone
### Minutes
* Worked on Lab 2 for Optical and Acoustic Teams
  * Acoustic: Natan, Siming, Marcela
  * Optical: Zoe, Michael
  * Built and tested basic circuit for both.

# Meeting 7
## Date: Friday Sept. 21, Upson 146, 11:15a-12:05p
### Attendance
Everyone
### Minutes
* Noted what's missing for lab 2
* Plans for the weekend?
* Designed competition day tshirt


  

